You vixen
Dare to appear here
Dare to treat my little brother-in-law
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the object of Qi Tian's affair
Taught by the wicked first
Have you ever heard the phrase
Use magic to defeat magic
What do you mean?
Look at this lady
Nisu, I already have a magic
Our marriage is here
Do you have a boyfriend?
I said yes.
Kosuki Zuoi Ichiro meets his father-in-law and mother-in-law
You have to be like you say people
It was Mr. Tian who cheated on him
I didn't expect Mr. Tian to be so icy and clean
He's still so messy
Yeah, I didn't expect it.
Guys, in the last five years
The Tian family comes from a little-known family
Become a second-rate family
And you know why.
Because the Tian family took refuge in the nest people
Became a dragon traitor